Summary for ../corax-cli-community-2.20.jar
Decompiled with CFR 0.152


cn.sast.cli.command.FySastCli
----------------------------

showMetrics()
  Unable to fully structure code
getFilteredJavaSourceFiles(cn.sast.api.config.MainConfig cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super java.util.Set<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
runCodeMetrics(cn.sast.api.config.MainConfig java.util.Set<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
runAnalyze(cn.sast.cli.command.TargetOptions cn.sast.framework.metrics.MetricsMonitor kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.api.config.ExtSettingsKt
----------------------------

<clinit>()
  Unable to fully structure code
  Could not resolve type clashes


cn.sast.api.config.MainConfigKt
----------------------------

checkerInfoDir(java.util.List<? extends cn.sast.common.IResource> boolean )
  Unable to fully structure code
  Could not resolve type clashes


cn.sast.api.config.PreAnalysisCoroutineScopeKt
----------------------------

processAIAnalysisUnits(com.feysh.corax.config.api.baseimpl.AIAnalysisBaseImpl cn.sast.api.config.PreAnalysisCoroutineScope kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Exception : org.benf.cfr.reader.util.ConfusedCFRException: Tried to end blocks [17[SWITCH], 20[CASE]], but top level block is 3[TRYBLOCK]


cn.sast.common.FileSystemLocator
----------------------------

process(java.nio.file.Path cn.sast.common.FileSystemLocator$TraverseMode kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.common.TaskQueueKt
----------------------------

runInMilliSeconds(kotlinx.coroutines.Job long java.lang.String kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0<kotlin.Unit> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.coroutines.MultiWorkerQueue
----------------------------

process$suspendImpl(cn.sast.coroutines.MultiWorkerQueue<T> T kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.coroutines.WorkQueueKt
----------------------------

runWork(kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineDispatcher int java.util.Collection<? extends T> kotlin.jvm.functions.Function3<? super cn.sast.coroutines.WorkQueue<T>, ? super T, ? super kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit>, ? extends java.lang.Object> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.coroutines.caffine.impl.RecCoroutineCacheImpl
----------------------------

get$suspendImpl(cn.sast.coroutines.caffine.impl.RecCoroutineCacheImpl<K, V> K kotlin.jvm.functions.Function3<? super com.feysh.corax.cache.coroutines.RecCoroutineCache<K, V>, ? super K, ? super kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super V>, ? extends java.lang.Object> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlinx.coroutines.Deferred<? extends V>> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.dataflow.analysis.unused.UnusedDetector
----------------------------

findUnusedField(soot.SootClass )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.dataflow.infoflow.provider.SourceSinkProvider
----------------------------

initialize(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.ACheckCallAnalysis
----------------------------

evalCall$suspendImpl(cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.ACheckCallAnalysis cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.AIContext soot.SootMethod soot.Unit soot.Unit cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis$InvokeResult<soot.SootMethod, cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>, cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IHeapValues<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
computeEntryValue$suspendImpl(cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.ACheckCallAnalysis cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.AIContext kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
  Could not resolve type clashes
prevCallFunction$suspendImpl(cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.ACheckCallAnalysis cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.AIContext soot.SootMethod soot.Unit soot.Unit cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
  Could not resolve type clashes
returnFlowFunction$suspendImpl(cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.ACheckCallAnalysis cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.AIContext soot.Unit cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
postCallAtCallSite$suspendImpl(cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.ACheckCallAnalysis cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.AIContext soot.Unit soot.Unit cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis$InvokeResult<soot.SootMethod, cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>, cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IHeapValues<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis$InvokeResult<soot.SootMethod, cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>, cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IHeapValues<cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IValue>>> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.AJimpleInterProceduralAnalysis
----------------------------

normalFlowFunction$suspendImpl(cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.AJimpleInterProceduralAnalysis<V, CTX> CTX soot.Unit soot.Unit cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<V> java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicBoolean kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.analysis.IFact<V>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
  Could not resolve type clashes


cn.sast.framework.AnalyzeTaskRunner
----------------------------

run(kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineScope kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.SootCtx
----------------------------

findClassesInnerJar(cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super java.util.Map<java.lang.String, ? extends java.util.Set<cn.sast.common.IResFile>>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
findClassesInnerJarUnderAutoAppClassPath(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super java.util.Set<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile>> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.engine.BuiltinAnalysis
----------------------------

analyzeInScene(cn.sast.framework.SootCtx cn.sast.framework.result.IBuiltInAnalysisCollector kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
allMethodsAnalyzeInScene(cn.sast.framework.SootCtx cn.sast.api.config.BuiltinAnalysisConfig cn.sast.framework.engine.BuiltinAnalysis$CHA-AllMethodsProvider cn.sast.framework.result.IBuiltInAnalysisCollector kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Exception : org.benf.cfr.reader.util.ConfusedCFRException: Tried to end blocks [7[CASE], 5[SWITCH]], but top level block is 3[TRYBLOCK]


cn.sast.framework.engine.FlowDroidEngine
----------------------------

analyzeInScene(cn.sast.framework.entries.IEntryPointProvider$AnalyzeTask cn.sast.framework.entries.IEntryPointProvider cn.sast.framework.SootCtx cn.sast.api.config.PreAnalysisCoroutineScope soot.jimple.infoflow.cfg.BiDirICFGFactory java.util.Set<? extends soot.jimple.infoflow.problems.TaintPropagationResults$OnTaintPropagationResultAdded> java.util.Set<? extends soot.jimple.infoflow.handlers.ResultsAvailableHandler> cn.sast.framework.result.IMissingSummaryReporter kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.engine.IPAnalysisEngine
----------------------------

runAnalysisInScene(cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator com.feysh.corax.cache.analysis.SootInfoCache cn.sast.framework.SootCtx cn.sast.framework.result.IPreAnalysisResultCollector cn.sast.dataflow.interprocedural.check.checker.IIPAnalysisResultCollector cn.sast.api.report.ICoverageCollector java.util.Collection<? extends soot.SootMethod> java.util.Collection<? extends soot.SootMethod> cn.sast.framework.result.IMissingSummaryReporter kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
  Could not resolve type clashes
analyze(cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator com.feysh.corax.cache.analysis.SootInfoCache cn.sast.framework.SootCtx cn.sast.framework.entries.IEntryPointProvider cn.sast.framework.result.ResultCollector cn.sast.framework.result.IMissingSummaryReporter kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.engine.PreAnalysis
----------------------------

analyzeInScene(cn.sast.framework.SootCtx cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator com.feysh.corax.cache.analysis.SootInfoCache cn.sast.framework.result.IPreAnalysisResultCollector cn.sast.framework.metrics.MetricsMonitor kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.engine.PreAnalysisImpl
----------------------------

<init>(cn.sast.api.config.MainConfig cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph com.feysh.corax.cache.analysis.SootInfoCache cn.sast.framework.result.IPreAnalysisResultCollector soot.Scene )
  Unable to fully structure code
invokePointData_delegate$lambda$18(cn.sast.framework.engine.PreAnalysisImpl )
  Unable to fully structure code
  Could not resolve type clashes


cn.sast.framework.engine.SourceFileCheckPoint
----------------------------

text(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super java.lang.String> )
  Unable to fully structure code
lines(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super java.util.List<kotlin.collections.IndexedValue<java.lang.String>>> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.FileSystemCacheLocator
----------------------------

getIndexer(java.util.Set<? extends cn.sast.common.IResource> cn.sast.common.FileSystemLocator$TraverseMode kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.framework.report.FileIndexerBuilder> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.PlistDiagnostics
----------------------------

flush(java.util.List<cn.sast.api.report.Report> java.lang.String cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator
----------------------------

getByFileExtension$suspendImpl(cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator java.lang.String kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.sequences.Sequence<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
getByFileName$suspendImpl(cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator java.lang.String kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.sequences.Sequence<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
getAllFiles$suspendImpl(cn.sast.framework.report.ProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.sequences.Sequence<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile>> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.ReportConverter
----------------------------

findAllSourceFiles(cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super java.util.Set<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile>> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.SarifDiagnostics
----------------------------

flush$suspendImpl(cn.sast.framework.report.SarifDiagnostics java.util.List<cn.sast.api.report.Report> java.lang.String cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.SarifDiagnosticsPack
----------------------------

init(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.SqliteDiagnostics
----------------------------

init$suspendImpl(cn.sast.framework.report.SqliteDiagnostics kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
flush$suspendImpl(cn.sast.framework.report.SqliteDiagnostics java.util.List<cn.sast.api.report.Report> java.lang.String cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.Coverage
----------------------------

cover(cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.ClassSourceInfo int kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
cover(java.lang.String int kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
analyzeClass(cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.ClassSourceInfo kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.Coverage$ClassCoverage> )
  Unable to fully structure code
processCoverQueueData(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super java.lang.Boolean> )
  Unable to fully structure code
computeCoverageBuilder(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Pair<org.jacoco.core.data.ExecutionDataStore, ? extends org.jacoco.core.analysis.CoverageBuilder>> )
  Unable to fully structure code
createReport(org.jacoco.core.data.SessionInfoStore org.jacoco.core.data.ExecutionDataStore org.jacoco.core.analysis.IBundleCoverage org.jacoco.report.ISourceFileLocator java.io.File kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
flushCoverage$suspendImpl(cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.Coverage cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator cn.sast.common.IResDirectory java.nio.charset.Charset kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
calculateSourceCoverage(cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator java.nio.charset.Charset kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.SourceCoverage> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.JacocoCompoundCoverage
----------------------------

getCoveredLineCounter(java.util.Set<? extends cn.sast.common.IResFile> java.nio.charset.Charset kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super org.jacoco.core.analysis.ICounter> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.coverage.TaintCoverage
----------------------------

flushCoverage(cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator cn.sast.common.IResDirectory java.nio.charset.Charset kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.report.metadata.MetadataGenerator
----------------------------

getMetadata(cn.sast.framework.report.IProjectFileLocator kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.framework.report.metadata.AnalysisMetadata> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.result.ResultCollector
----------------------------

flush(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.framework.util.SafeAnalyzeUtil
----------------------------

safeAnalyze(kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineScope C kotlin.jvm.functions.Function2<? super C, ? super kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super T>, ? extends java.lang.Object> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super T> )
  Unable to fully structure code
safeRunInSceneAsync(com.feysh.corax.config.api.CheckerUnit kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1<? super kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super T>, ? extends java.lang.Object> kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super T> )
  Unable to fully structure code


cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis
----------------------------

computeInValue$suspendImpl(cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis<M, N, A, R, CTX> CTX N kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super A> )
  Unable to fully structure code
processCallCoroutine$suspendImpl(cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis<M, N, A, R, CTX> CTX M N N A kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis$InvokeResult<M, A, R>> )
  Exception : org.benf.cfr.reader.util.ConfusedCFRException: Tried to end blocks [4[SWITCH], 8[CASE]], but top level block is 2[TRYBLOCK]
processContent$suspendImpl(cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis<M, N, A, R, CTX> CTX kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super kotlin.Unit> )
  Unable to fully structure code
interProceduralAnalyze$suspendImpl(cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis<M, N, A, R, CTX> cn.sast.idfa.analysis.ForwardInterProceduralAnalysis$FactKey<M, N, A> CTX kotlin.coroutines.Continuation<? super CTX> )
  Unable to fully structure code
